Refresh Canvas introduction articles for language (#7224)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/get_started/the_basics.md

  {% endtab %}

  {% tab Canvas Builder %}

>   The Canvas builder maps out the steps to take when creating your Canvas. This includes basics such as naming your Canvas and adding teams. Essentially, the Entry Wizard is the crucial setup required prior to beginning building your Canvas. Here, you can control the way your users begin and fulfill their customer journey with options to edit the [entry schedule]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#step-2b-set-your-canvas-entry-schedule), [target audience]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#step-2c-set-your-target-entry-audience), and [send settings]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#step-2d-select-your-send-settings).<br><br> ![]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/canvas_flow_entry_wizard.png %}){: style="max-width:90%;"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Canvas builder maps out the steps to take when creating your Canvas. This includes basics such as naming your Canvas and adding teams. Essentially, the Canvas builder is the crucial setup required prior to beginning building your Canvas. Here, you can control the way your users begin and fulfill their customer journey with options to edit the [entry schedule]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#step-2b-set-your-canvas-entry-schedule), [target audience]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#step-2c-set-your-target-entry-audience), and [send settings]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#step-2d-select-your-send-settings).<br><br> ![]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/canvas_flow_entry_wizard.png %}){: style="max-width:90%;"}
```

The "how" collectively summarizes how you'll create your Canvas and how you'll reach your users with your message. For example, in order for a message to be effective, you should optimize the timing of your messaging with regards to the time zones across your different users.

Answering "how" also determines the cadence for sending a Canvas to your audience (such as once a week or biweekly), and which messaging channels to leverage for each Canvas that you build as described with the "where."

## Example: Customer onboarding flow

For example, let's say you're a marketer for MovieCanon, an online streaming services company, and you're in charge of creating an onboarding flow for new users of your app. By referencing the five W's, we could build out the Canvas in the following way.

* **What**: Our Canvas name will be "New Onboarding Journey".
* **Why**: The goal of our Canvas is to welcome our users and have them continue engaging with the app.

> * **When**: After a user opens the app, we want to send them an email to encourage 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **When**: After a user first opens the app, we want to send them an email to welcome them. 
```

* **Who**: We're targeting new users who are using our app for the first time.
* **Where**: We can reach the most new users by push notifications, which is how we've done all our past messaging.

> * **How**: We want to set a one day delay as to not overwhelm our new users with notifications. After this delay, we want to encourage them to check out the most popular TV shows and movies on the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **How**: We want to set a one day delay as to not overwhelm our new users with notifications. After this delay, we'll send an email with a list of the most popular movies and tv shows to entice them to keep using the app.
```

> * **How**: We want to set a one day delay as to not overwhelm our new users with notifications. After this delay, we'll send an email with a list of the most popular movies and tv shows to entice them to keep using the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **How**: We want to set a one day delay as to not overwhelm our new users with notifications. After this delay, we'll send an email with a list of the most popular movies and TV shows to entice them to keep using the app.
```
